assets/image4.png - Too slow
assets/image4.png - Yes
assets/image3.png - No
assets/image2.png - No
assets/image1.png - No
assets/image5.png - No
assets/image1.png - No
assets/image3.png - No
assets/image4.png - Yes
assets/image1.png - No
assets/image1.png - No
assets/image5.png - No
assets/image4.png - Yes
assets/image6.png - No
assets/image2.png - No
assets/image3.png - No
assets/image5.png - No
assets/image6.png - No
assets/image5.png - No
assets/image2.png - No
assets/image4.png - Yes
assets/image1.png - No
assets/image5.png - No
assets/image6.png - No
assets/image2.png - No
assets/image3.png - No
assets/image4.png - Yes
assets/image3.png - No
assets/image6.png - No
assets/image2.png - No
assets/image6.png - No
